Split the large template guide into 3 smaller guides (#202)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Displaying a User Interface/Template Custom Buttons/index.md

# Template Custom Buttons

> You can easily display text, images, and buttons using the @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`ScreenManager`!@. To update the UI, simply give the manager your new data and (optionally) sandwich the update between the manager's @![iOS]`beginUpdates`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`beginTransaction()`!@ and @![iOS]`endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`commit()`!@ methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily create and update custom buttons (called Soft Buttons in SDL) using the @![iOS]`SDLScreenManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`ScreenManager`!@. To update the UI, simply give the manager your new data and (optionally) sandwich the update between the manager's @![iOS]`beginUpdates`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`beginTransaction()`!@ and @![iOS]`endUpdatesWithCompletionHandler`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`commit()`!@ methods.
```
